
This project get the raw data collected from the accelerometers from the Samsung Galaxy S smartphone, clean and create a tidy dataset with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.

1.Below is the informaton about raw data.
  One of the most exciting areas in all of data science right now is wearable computing - see for example this article . Companies like Fitbit, Nike, and Jawbone Up are racing to develop the most advanced algorithms to attract new users. The data linked to from the course website represent data A full description is available at the site where the data was obtained:
     http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones
  Here are the data for the project:
     https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip

2.file description.
  R script: run_analysis.R.
  tidy dataset : tidy_subject_activity_variable_mean.csv. this is generated by run_analysis.R.
  cook book: cookbook. This is the cook book of the tidy data set .

3.In the script : run_analysis.R. it does does following steps
  a.download the dataset zip file,unzip in the working directory.
  b.Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.
  c.Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. extact pattern"mean()"or"std()".
  d.Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
  e.Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names.
  f.Creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject at default working directory. The tidy data set is named as ¡°tidy_subject_activity_variable_mean.csv¡±.

summarize: 
  in R console , send command ¡°source(¡°run_analysis.R.¡±)¡±. 
  it will creat file¡°tidy_subject_activity_variable_mean.csv¡± at default working directory.



